[docs] Updated and fixed blocking and error information (#1856)
Haivision/srt: docs/API-functions.md

information through [`srt_group_data`](#srt_group_data) or the data filled by 
[`srt_sendmsg2`](#srt_sendmsg) and [`srt_recvmsg2`](#srt_recvmsg2).

If the `lsn` listener socket is configured for blocking mode
([`SRTO_RCVSYN`](../docs/APISocketOptions.md#SRTO_RCVSYN) set to true, default),

> the call will block until the incoming connection is ready, otherwise the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the call will block until the incoming connection is ready. Otherwise, the
```

| [`SRT_EINVPARAM`](#srt_einvparam) | NULL specified as `addrlen`, when `addr` is not NULL  |
| [`SRT_EINVSOCK`](#srt_einvsock)   | `lsn` designates no valid socket ID.                   |
| [`SRT_ENOLISTEN`](#srt_enolisten) | `lsn` is not set up as a listener ([`srt_listen`](#srt_listen) not called). |
| [`SRT_EASYNCRCV`](#srt_easyncrcv) | No connection reported so far. This error is reported only in the non-blocking mode |

> | [`SRT_ESCLOSED`](#srt_esclosed)   | The `lsn` socket has been closed while the function was blocking the call, including when the socket was closed just at the <br/> moment when a connection was made and the socket got closed during processing   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`SRT_ESCLOSED`](#srt_esclosed)   | The `lsn` socket has been closed while the function was blocking the call.  including when the socket was closed just at the <br/> moment when a connection was made (i.e., the socket got closed during processing)   |
```

* `namelen`: size of the object passed by `name`

**NOTES:**  

> 1. The socket used here may be [bound by `srt_bind`](#srt_bind) from upside (or
> binding and connection can be done in one function,
> [`srt_connect_bind`](#srt_connect_bind)) so that it uses a predefined network
> interface or local outgoing port. This is optional in case of caller-listener
> arrangement, but obligatory for rendezvous arrangement.  If not used, the
> binding will be done automatically to `INADDR_ANY` (which binds on all
> interfaces) and port 0 (which makes the system assign the port automatically).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The socket used here may be [bound by `srt_bind`](#srt_bind) before connecting, 
or binding and connection can be done in one function ([`srt_connect_bind`](#srt_connect_bind)), 
such that it uses a predefined network interface or local outgoing port. This is optional 
in the case of a caller-listener arrangement, but obligatory for a rendezvous arrangement.  
If not used, the binding will be done automatically to `INADDR_ANY` (which binds on all
interfaces) and port 0 (which makes the system assign the port automatically).
```

> 2. This function is used for both connecting to the listening peer in caller-listener

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. This function is used for both connecting to the listening peer in a caller-listener
```

arrangement, and calling the peer in rendezvous mode. For the latter, the
[`SRTO_RENDEZVOUS`](../docs/APISocketOptions.md#SRTO_RENDEZVOUS) flag must be set
to true prior to calling this function, and binding, as described in #1,
is in this case obligatory (see `SRT_ERDVUNBOUND` below).

3. When [`u`](#u) is a group, then this call can be done multiple times, each time
for another member connection, and a new member SRT socket will be created
automatically for every call of this function.

4. If you want to connect a group to multiple links at once and use blocking
mode, you might want to use [`srt_connect_group`](#srt_connect_group) instead.

> This function also allows you use additional settings, available only for groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function also allows you to use additional settings, available only for groups.
```

|       Errors                          |                                                             |
|:------------------------------------- |:----------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`SRT_EINVSOCK`](#srt_einvsock)       | Socket [`u`](#u) indicates no valid socket ID               |
| [`SRT_ERDVUNBOUND`](#srt_erdvunbound) | Socket [`u`](#u) is in rendezvous mode, but it wasn't bound (see note #2) |
| [`SRT_ECONNSOCK`](#srt_econnsock)     | Socket [`u`](#u) is already connected                       |
| [`SRT_ECONNREJ`](#srt_econnrej)       | Connection has been rejected                                |
| [`SRT_ENOSERVER`](#srt_enoserver)     | Connection has been timed out (see [`SRTO_CONNTIMEO`](../docs/APISocketOptions.md#SRTO_CONNTIMEO)) |
| [`SRT_ESCLOSED`](#srt_esclosed)       | The socket [`u`](#u) has been closed while the function was blocking the call   |
| <img width=240px height=1px/>         | <img width=710px height=1px/>                      |

If the `u` socket is configured for blocking mode (when
[`SRTO_RCVSYN`](../docs/APISocketOptions.md#SRTO_RCVSYN) is set to true, default),

> the call will block until the connection succeeds or fails. The "early" errors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the call will block until the connection succeeds or fails. The "early" errors 
```

[`SRT_EINVSOCK`](#srt_einvsock), [`SRT_ERDVUNBOUND`](#srt_erdvunbound) and
[`SRT_ECONNSOCK`](#srt_econnsock) are reported in both modes immediately. Other
errors are "late" failures and can only be reported in blocking mode. 

> In non-blocking mode, the successful connection can be recognized by the
> `SRT_EPOLL_OUT` epoll event flag and the "late" failure by the `SRT_EPOLL_ERR`
> flag (NOTE: the socket state in case of a failed connection remains
> `SRTS_CONNECTING` in that case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In non-blocking mode, a successful connection can be recognized by the
`SRT_EPOLL_OUT` epoll event flag and a "late" failure by the `SRT_EPOLL_ERR`
flag. Note that the socket state in the case of a failed connection remains
`SRTS_CONNECTING` in that case.
```

> In case of "late" failures you can additionally call
> [`srt_getrejectreason`](#srt_getrejectreason) to get the detailed error
> information. Note that in blocking mode only for the `SRT_ECONNREJ` error
> this function may return you any additional information. In non-blocking
> mode the detailed "late" failure cannot be distinguished and therefore it
> can be also obtained from this function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of "late" failures you can additionally call
[`srt_getrejectreason`](#srt_getrejectreason) to get detailed error
information. Note that in blocking mode only for the `SRT_ECONNREJ` error
this function may return any additional information. In non-blocking
mode a detailed "late" failure cannot be distinguished, and therefore it
can also be obtained from this function.
```
